Book Abstract:

The JHipster Mini-Book is a guide to getting started with hip technologies today: Angular, Bootstrap, and Spring Boot. All of these frameworks are wrapped up in an easy-to-use project called JHipster. JHipster is a development platform to generate, develop and deploy Spring Boot + Angular (or React/Vue) web applications and microservices. This book shows you how to build an app with JHipster, and guides you through the plethora of tools, techniques, and options you can use. Then, it shows you how to secure your data and deploy your app to Heroku. Furthermore, it explains the UI and API building blocks so you understand the underpinnings of your great application.

The latest edition (v7.0) is updated for JHipster 7. This edition includes an updated microservices section that features WebFlux and micro frontends with React.

You can find the blog for the JHipster Mini-Book at http://www.jhipster-book.com. You can also follow it on Twitter at https://twitter.com/jhipster_book.

Purpose of the book:

To provide free information to the JHipster community. I've used many of the frameworks that JHipster supports, and I like how it integrates them. Building web and mobile applications with Angular, Bootstrap, and Spring Boot is a great experience. I want to encourage more developers to try it.

Table of Contents:

The JHipster Mini-Book
Dedication
Acknowledgments
Preface
    What is in an InfoQ mini-book?
    Who is this book for?
    What you need for this book
    Conventions
    Reader feedback
Introduction
Building an app with JHipster
    Creating the application
    Building the UI and business logic
    Application improvements
    Deploying to Heroku
    Monitoring and analytics
    Securing user data
    Continuous integration and deployment
    Code quality
    Progressive web apps
    Source code
    Summary
JHipster's UI components
    Angular
    Bootstrap
    Internationalization (i18n)
    Sass
    Webpack
    WebSockets
    Browsersync
    Summary
JHipster's API building blocks
    Spring Boot
    Spring WebFlux
    Maven versus Gradle
    IDE support: Running, debugging, and profiling
    Security
    JPA versus MongoDB versus Cassandra
    Liquibase
    Elasticsearch
    Deployment
    Summary
Microservices with JHipster
    History of microservices
    Why microservices?
    Reactive Java microservices with JHipster
    Generate an API gateway and microservice applications
    Run your microservices architecture
    Build and run with Docker
    Switch identity providers
    Deploy with Kubernetes
    Source code
    Summary
Action!
    Additional reading
About the author

Author Bio:

Matt Raible is a web developer, Java Champion, and developer advocate @oktadev with a passion for skiing, mountain biking, classic VWs, and good 🍺. He drives a '66 21-window and a '90 Syncro Westy. He's made in Montana and resides in Centennial, Colorado, with his fabulous family.

https://www.flickr.com/photos/mraible/16900780428

Back Cover:

The things you need to do to set up a new software project can be daunting. First, you must select the backend framework to create your API, choose your database, set up security, and select your build tool. Then you have to choose the tools to develop your frontend: select a UI framework, configure a build tool, set up Sass processing, configure your browser to auto-refresh when you make changes, and configure the client and server, so they work in unison. If you’re building a new application using Spring Boot and Angular, you can save days using JHipster.

JHipster generates a complete and modern web app, unifying:

* A high-performance and robust Java stack on the server side with Spring Boot
* A sleek, modern, mobile-first frontend with Angular and Bootstrap
* A robust microservice architecture with support for Spring Cloud, Micro Frontends, Docker, and Kubernetes
* A powerful workflow to build your application with Webpack and Maven/Gradle

JHipster is a treasure trove of information on how to build modern web applications and microservice architectures. It can turn any curious and willing developer into a high-performing Java Hipster!
